---
layout: default
title: fixes-overlay
no-disqus: true
main_header: fixes-overlay
description: Small package fixes languishing in the Gentoo BTS
categories: [index, fixes-overlay, jnrowe-fixes, overlay, gentoo]
---

h2. Introduction

Packages with fixes submitted to the "Gentoo BTS":http://bugs.gentoo.org that have yet to be applied.  Its main purpose is my staging ground, so I can separately manage upstreamed fixes.

If you find any problems with ebuilds in this overlay either file an "issue":http://github.com/JNRowe/jnrowe-fixes/issues or drop me an "email":mailto:jnrowe@gmail.com.

h2. Installation

Up to date installation instructions are contained within the repositories @README.rst@ file, which can be "viewed online":http://github.com/JNRowe/fixes-overlay/blob/master/README.rst.

h2. Packages

* @app-arch@
    ** "@ipkg-utils@":http://www.openembedded.org/ - app-arch/ipkg-utils: Verify and potentially improve Python-related code [ "Bug #_308299_":http://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=308299 ]
* @app-vim@
    ** "@colorsel@":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=927 - Keyworded, so a version that works with "vim":http://www.vim.org/ v7 is available. [ "Bug #_281839_":http://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=281829 ]
    ** "@foldutil@":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=158 - Updated dependency on @genutils@, so it works. [ "Bug #_270300_":http://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=270300 ]
* @dev-util@
    ** "@gquilt@":http://users.bigpond.net.au/Peter-Williams/ - Optional "mercurial":http://mercurial.selenic.com dependency, so @quilt@ isn't installed. [ "Bug #_196523_":http://bugs.gentoo.org/show_bug.cgi?id=196523 ]

h2. License

"GPL v2":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html

h2. Contributors

h3. Patches

* Leon Bird
* Rachel Holmes

h3. Bug reports

* Rachel Holmes

h3. Ideas

* Jamie Ashton

h2. Contact

"James Rowe":jnrowe@gmail.com

h2. Download

You can download this project as a "tarball":http://github.com/JNRowe/fixes-overlay/tarball/master.  Or, you can also clone the project with "Git":http://git-scm.com by running:

{% highlight text %}
$ git clone git://github.com/JNRowe/fixes-overlay
{% endhighlight %}

